Added docs for using GitHubActions caching to speedup CI (#4945)
PHP-CS-Fixer/PHP-CS-Fixer: README.rst

Where ``$COMMIT_RANGE`` is your range of commits, e.g. ``$TRAVIS_COMMIT_RANGE`` or ``HEAD~..HEAD``.

> Additionally you might configure some caching to speedup your continous builds, e.g. for GitHub Actions this can be achieved using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you might configure some caching to speed up your continuous builds, e.g. for GitHub Actions, this can be achieved using:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

      - name: "Cache results of PHP CS Fixer"
        uses: actions/cache@v1
        with:
          path: /tmp/php-cs/

>           key: php-${{ matrix.php-version }}-php-cs-fixer-${{ github.sha }}

Reviewer 2: does putting `sha` hear mean each commit will get individual cache storage?

Author: please see https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer/issues/4938#issuecomment-625444583 for a in depth description
